docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/for-devs/third-party-docs/Circle/usdc-quickstart-guide.mdx

sme: circle-cooper
---

**USDC** provides the ability to transfer dollars over the Arbitrum network using a smart contract. The smart contract enables users to send, receive, and store dollars onchain with a wallet.

> This guide will walk you through using the [viem](https://viem.sh/) framework to build a simple app that enables a user to connect their wallet and interact with the blockchain by sending a **USDC** transaction from their address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through using the [viem](https://viem.sh/) framework to build a simple app that enables a user to connect their wallet and interact with the Arbitrum network by sending a **USDC** transaction from their address.
```
